tip fill symbols data-defined override offset (#6378)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/style_library/symbol_selector.rst

    adjusts the dash pattern placement so that sharp corners are represented
    by a full dash element coming into and out of the sharp corner.
    Dependent on :guilabel:`Align dash pattern to line length`.
  * |checkbox| :guilabel:`Draw line only inside polygon`

.. _arrow_symbol:

* **Arrow**: draws lines as curved (or not) arrows with a single or a double
  head with configurable width, length and thickness. To create a curved arrow
  the line feature must have at least three vertices. It also uses a

>   :ref:`fill symbol <vector_fill_symbols>` such as gradients or shapeburst

Reviewer: > :numref:? to figures!

>

  * :guilabel:`Arrow type`
  * :guilabel:`Arrow width`
  * :guilabel:`Arrow width at start`
  * :guilabel:`Head length`
  * :guilabel:`Head thickness`
  * :guilabel:`Offset`

  It is possible to create |checkbox| :guilabel:`Curved arrows`
  (the line feature must have at least three vertices) and

>   |checkbox| :guilabel:`Repeat arrow on each segment`.

Reviewer 2: Here we are mentioning the label as it's in the GUI, so I'm not sure we should change it.

>   |checkbox| :guilabel:`Repeat arrow on each segment`.

Reviewer: Figures shold hav numrefs.cHeck the doc guidelines.

  It also uses a :ref:`fill symbol <vector_fill_symbols>` such as gradients or
  shapeburst to render the arrow body. Combined with the geometry generator,
  this type of layer symbol helps you representing flow maps.

> * **Geometry generator** (see :ref:`geometry_generator_symbol`)

Reviewer 2: Can you expand on the benefit, please? Reading the [numref docs](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html?highlight=numref#role-numref) I can see what it changes for figures but not for sections (and all these are sections we point to).
PS: nice to read you ;)

> * **Geometry generator** (see :ref:`geometry_generator_symbol`)

Reviewer: numrefs are good for figures. See the documentation guidelines.

> * **Geometry generator** (see :ref:`geometry_generator_symbol`)

Reviewer 2: > numrefs are good for figures.

I disagree with that. But this is another story, closed some time ago.
The point here is: these are **NOT** figures but instead anchors to particular description/texts in the docs. Some of them are not even sections; but bullet points in a list.

  * :guilabel:`Cap style`
  * |checkbox| :guilabel:`Use custom dash pattern`: overrides the
    :guilabel:`Stroke style` setting with a custom dash.
  * |checkbox| :guilabel:`Align dash pattern to line length`

>   * |checkbox| :guilabel:`Tweak dash pattern at sharp corners`

Reviewer 2: Your branch is outdated: these are already documented in the current doc (https://github.com/qgis/QGIS-Documentation/pull/6364/files)

Author: @DelazJ ok do I have to remove the branch and start from scratch? So that there's no conflict with 6364?

  * |checkbox| :guilabel:`Draw line only inside polygon`

.. _arrow_symbol:

* **Arrow**: draws lines as curved (or not) arrows with a single or a double

>   head with configurable :guilabel:`Head type`, :guilabel:`Arrow type`, 
>   :guilabel:`Arrow width`, :guilabel:`Arrow width at start`, :guilabel:`Head length`
>   :guilabel:`Head thickness` and :guilabel:`Offset`. It is possible to create
>   |checkbox| :guilabel:`Curved arrows` and 
>   |checkbox| :guilabel:`Repeat arrow on each segment`.
>   To create a curved arrow the line feature must have at least three vertices.

Reviewer 2: How about, to mimic the others that use list for their options, allowing us to detail any option if desirable, and avoid breaking translation of the whole paragraph if ever a new option is added?
```suggestion
  head with configurable (and data-defined):

  * :guilabel:`Head type`
  * :guilabel:`Arrow type`
  * :guilabel:`Arrow width`
  * :guilabel:`Arrow width at start`
  * :guilabel:`Head length`
  * :guilabel:`Head thickness`
  * :guilabel:`Offset`

   It is possible to create |checkbox| :guilabel:`Curved arrows`
   (the line feature must have at least three vertices) and 
  |checkbox| :guilabel:`Repeat arrow on each segment`.
```

  color ramps or simple two color gradients, optional blurring of the fill and
  offsets;
* **Outline: Arrow**: uses a line :ref:`arrow symbol <arrow_symbol>` layer to
  represent the polygon boundary. The settings for the outline arrow are the same
  as for line symbols.
* **Outline: Hashed line**: uses a :ref:`hash line symbol <hashed_line_symbol>`
  layer to represent the polygon boundary (the interior rings, the
  exterior ring or all the rings). The settings for the outline hashed line are the
  same as for line symbols.
* **Outline: Marker line**: uses a :ref:`marker line symbol <marker_line_symbol>`
  layer to represent the
  polygon boundary (the interior rings, the exterior ring or all the rings).
  The settings for the outline marker line are same as for line symbols.

> * **Outline: simple line**: uses a :ref:`simple line symbol <simple_line_symbol>`

Author: @havatv the PR is already merged. to insert the :numref: , should I create a new PR and fix the references?

> * **Outline: simple line**: uses a :ref:`simple line symbol <simple_line_symbol>`

Author: @DelazJ you merged the PR, if I want to insert the references, should I create a new PR?

> * **Outline: simple line**: uses a :ref:`simple line symbol <simple_line_symbol>`

Reviewer 2: @lajunek. Afaict there's nothing to do. These are links to sections, not figures. So I still fail to see why we would use numref there.

  polygon borders inside the polygon and can be useful to clearly represent
  adjacent polygon boundaries.

> .. tip:: Data-defined offset

Reviewer 2: How about no text? We already mentioned in "common parameters" section that most properties of these symbol layers have DD button. So imho no reason to repeat for offset.

Author: @DelazJ yes, let's not isert a tip. IMHO I should mention the offset for all kinds of fills (missing: gradient fill, all outlines)
